Refresh COMMAND, add topics: command-args, key-specs (#1697)
redis/redis-doc: commands/command-list.md

Returns @array-reply of command names in this Redis server.

The list can be filtered in the following ways:

>  - Get commands that belong to s specific module
>  - Get commands with a specific ACL category
>  - Get command to comply with a specific regex pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 - **`MODULE module-name`**: get the commands that belong to a module
 - **`ACLCAT category`**: get the commands in a specific ACL category
 - **`PATTERN pattern`**: get the commands that match the given glob-like pattern
```

@return

> @array-reply: a full or filtered list of just the command names returned by `COMMAND`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@array-reply: a list of command names.
```
